README-en.md, before:

# Discloud for VSCode

This extension makes it easy to host and manage applications on [Discloud](https://discloudbot.com) through Visual Studio Code.

## 🌐 Other languages

- [🇧🇷 Versão portuguesa](./README.md)

## Requirements

- You are registered on our website discloudbot.com and have generated an [access token](https://docs.discloudbot.com/v/en/suport/commands/api) for our API.

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016822188839551026/token.gif)

## Application Status

- 🟢 Green indicates App online
- 🟡 Yellow has dropped due to lack of RAM
- 🔴 Red has dropped due to some code error
- ⚪ Gray indicates App offline

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016818276828979300/stats.png)

## Features

Here is a list of features that the extension currently supports.

- 📤 Upload applications
- 🗃 Commit to applications
- ▶️ Start applications
- 🔁 Restart applications
- ⏹ Stop applications
- ❌ Delete applications
- 📜 Generate application logs
- ⬇️ Download application backup
- 💻 Import code from some hosted app to VSCode

## Installation

- Install the extension
- Enter your `access token` the first time you use the extension

## Links Úteis

- [Discloud](https://discloud.app)
- [Discloud Docs](https://docs.discloudbot.com/v/en/)

## Guide

### Upload applications

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803343995244667/up.gif)

### Applications status

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803254350389259/status.gif)

### Commit to applications

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803068345602058/commit.gif)

### Start applications

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803225279676416/start.gif)

### Stop applications

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803291805515846/stop.gif)

### Restart applications

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803186293624893/restart.gif)

### Delete applications

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803094899724399/del.gif)

### Generate application logs

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803145038430238/logs.gif)

### Download application backup

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803030563311636/backup.gif)

### Import code from some hosted app to VSCode

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803117788049408/import.gif)

Commit message:

fix some errors in the english language in Readme-en.md

README-en.md, after:

# Discloud for VSCode

This extension makes it easy to host and manage applications on [Discloud](https://discloudbot.com) through Visual Studio Code.

## 🌐 Other languages

- [🇧🇷 Versão portuguesa](./README.md)

## Requirements

- You are registered on our website discloudbot.com and have generated an [access token](https://docs.discloudbot.com/v/en/suport/commands/api) for our API.

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016822188839551026/token.gif)

## Application Status

- 🟢 Green: App online
- 🟡 Yellow: App shutdown due to lack of ram.
- 🔴 Red: App shutdown due to errors in your code.
- ⚪ Gray: Offline due to discloud maintenance.

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016818276828979300/stats.png)

## Features

Here is a list of features that the extension currently supports.

- 📤 Upload applications
- 🗃 Commit to applications
- ▶️ Start applications
- 🔁 Restart applications
- ⏹ Stop applications
- ❌ Delete applications
- 📜 Generate application logs
- ⬇️ Download application backup
- 💻 Download and open hosted app code in VSCode.

## Installation

- Install the extension
- Enter your `access token` the first time you use the extension

## Useful links

- [Discloud](https://discloud.app)
- [Discloud Docs](https://docs.discloudbot.com/v/en/)

## Guide

### Upload applications

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803343995244667/up.gif)

### Applications status

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803254350389259/status.gif)

### Commit to applications

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803068345602058/commit.gif)

### Start applications

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803225279676416/start.gif)

### Stop applications

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803291805515846/stop.gif)

### Restart applications

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803186293624893/restart.gif)

### Delete applications

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803094899724399/del.gif)

### Generate application logs

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803145038430238/logs.gif)

### Download application backup

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803030563311636/backup.gif)

### Download and open hosted app code in VSCode.

![.](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/685903739130740759/1016803117788049408/import.gif)
